>> Woodruff: PRESIDENT OBAMA
ARRIVED IN RUSSIA FOR A SUMMIT
WITH WORLD LEADERS, A MEETING
OVERSHADOWED BY TENSIONS AROUND
A STRIKE ON SYRIA.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: AND I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
ON THE NEWSHOUR TONIGHT, WE HEAR
FROM FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY
ADVISOR BRENT SCOWCROFT AND
FORMER DIPLOMAT CHRIS HILL.
AND WE CONTINUE OUR TALKS WITH
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ABOUT SYRIA-
- TOGHTNI, DEMOCRATIC
CONGRESSMAN ALAN GRAYSON.
>> Woodruff: THEN, FROM WESTERN
MASSACHUSETTS, A STORY ABOUT A
COUNTY TAKING "GOING LOCAL" TO
A WHOLE NEW LEVEL BY PRINTING
ITS OWN MONEY.
>> IT'S ABOUT COMMUNITY SUPPORT.
IT'S ABOUT SHOPPING LOCAL.
IT'S ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY RIGHT
HERE WHERE WE LIVE AND WE WORK.
>> Brown: THE INTERNET'S
MAKING ITS WAY INTO OUR CARS,
OUR REFRIGERATORS, EVEN OUR
TOILETS.
HARI SREENIVASAN ASKS: DOES THAT
MAKE IT EASIER FOR HACKERS
TO DISRUPT O DAIURLY LIVES?
>> Woodruff: AND, IT'S A BIRD,
IT'S A PLANE, IT'S THE STORY
OF SUPERMAN THROUGH THE AGES.
>> THERE IS NO MORE SYMBOLIC
CHARACTER THAN SUPERMAN, WHO
CREATED THE ARCHETYPE OF THE
SUPERHERO.
AND EVERYTHING THAT'S COME AFTER
HIM THAT'S TOUCHED ON THE IDEA
OF SOMEBODY WHO DRESSED UP IN A
WEIRD OUTFIT AND FIGHTS FOR THE
POWERS OF GOOD, COMES FROM HIM.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S ALL AHEAD ON
TONIGHT'S NEWSHOUR.